README.md, before:

# Hi there, Hello!
## About
I am a music producer who is learning javascript/web developoment and putting all of that learning into [my WebDevBootcamp repository.](https://github.com/cjwolfe/WebDevBootcamp)
I want to demonstrate to myself (and I suppose to others) that I am capable of working on something and growing every single day.
So, by the end of each day I have some sort of post to github on what I have worked on that day.
## The idea
The idea behind this project is that I have somewhere to post my "Everydays". [Some more info about this can be found in this video.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ul9jrCXhR4)

- Everydays do not need to be long, or good
- Everydays must be posted every day
- There is no pre-working on Everydays, otherwise it is not an everyday.

### Caveats:
- As this is me learning to code, some of the contributions may be as short as 1-2 lines long!
- Over the course of completing the entire bootcamp on udemy, I will eventually cover all of the sections
- This is simply an accountability tool rather than a masterpiece showcase tool.

## Summary
1. I'mma post something here everyday, working on coding and thinking about coding every day.
1. That's it.

<!--
**cjwolfe/cjwolfe** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Updated Readme with contact info and links

README.md, after:

# Hi there, Hello!
## About
I am a [music producer](www.wolfetrax.net) who is learning javascript/web developoment and putting all of that learning into [my WebDevBootcamp repository.](https://github.com/cjwolfe/WebDevBootcamp)
I want to demonstrate to myself (and I suppose to others) that I am capable of working on something and growing every single day.
So, by the end of each day I have some sort of post to github on what I have worked on that day.
## The idea
The idea behind this project is that I have somewhere to post my "Everydays". [Some more info about this can be found in this video.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ul9jrCXhR4)

- Everydays do not need to be long, or good
- Everydays must be posted every day
- There is no pre-working on Everydays, otherwise it is not an everyday.


### Caveats:
- As this is me learning to code, some of the contributions may be as short as 1-2 lines long!
- Over the course of completing the entire bootcamp on udemy, I will eventually cover all of the sections
- This is simply an accountability tool rather than a masterpiece showcase tool.

## Summary
1. I'mma post something here everyday, working on coding and thinking about coding every day.
1. That's it.

### Contact info:
If you'd like to contact me, the best way is [here](www.wolfetrax.net/contact)

<!--
**cjwolfe/cjwolfe** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
